I have a confession to make I was wrong
I was wrong about everything
everything I've done 1,500 videos here
on YouTube I was wrong on every single
one of them
I thought the stock market was a fraud I
thought the government was against us
but I was wrong I was wrong about at all
and I'm gonna put all my money every
penny I have into the stock market I'm
gonna watch it rise to infinity and I'll
be more rich than Jeff Bezos in fact
I'll buy him out I know that because the
stock market is rising and if the stock
market goes down the Fed will be there
to bail me out I'm sorry
Jani Yellin I love you I love you very
much I'm sorry that I ever talked bad
about you I I just don't know I can't
deal with it all I was fooling myself
all these years I can't deal with that
I'm sorry hi all the charts holder all
the proof valium I made them all up I
thought they were real in my own mind I
created them in my own mind and I just
formulated them and videos and I now am
officially changing I'm I'm a bear I'm a
bull Freudian slip I just I can't do it
anymore I can't lie to everyone I can't
lie to myself
everybody this is now the bull market
GPS I just want to thank you for
thinking what I was saying was the truth
before but it wasn't I made it all up
everybody I officially order everybody
to put all of their money into the stock
market it will never go down ever again
that is an official order I just
everybodyís government Janet Yellen
you are good everything you have done
all those companies that have been
guilty of all this immoral behavior no
no that's not immoral behavior let's
invest in companies that steal our
information let's invest in Facebook in
Google let's invest in Amazon let's
invest in all of the big corporations
that put us down because they're lifting
us up that's right they're lifting us up
give them all your information put your
search engine as Google and give them
all your information they're good and
give them all your money too
that's right you're gonna be rich just
like me excellent work everyone
great work teamwork everybody high five
that's right the stock market is where
we need to be I'm sorry for all of those
previous 15 hundred videos I'm now
officially flipping sides and I hope you
will too please give me a thumbs up